you see then they're not gonna do their
jobs on Monday man I'm just gonna sit
here I don't know we definitely lost one
of them and they think that they can
reattach the other one but they're not
sure Wow that's hardcore
now fragile we all are they're just
hanging there do you want to go to the
bedroom
a little tired sexual frustration is
really hard if I don't get home before
age she puts on the sweatpants
then once the sweatpants are on I got
nothing hi Joe let me introduce you to
the new temps this is Sydney Hey hi and
I'm sorry I forgot your name damn she
work here yes the temp she's a
10th
stress is a killer what are you doing
what are you doing what is he to it
extract I get paranoid when I smoke five
if you smoke a little